2015-06-13

Welcome to Design Dabbling. My name is Nicholas Dunn. I am a professional programmer, a gamer, a musician, a baker, and many more things. I am *not* an expert in design.

I am a dabbler in design. I think that design should be made accessible and understandable to people of all backgrounds, not just those who have a professional background.

My life can be split into two major phases - before and after reading [The Design of Everyday Things][] by Donald Norman. This is a seminal work of industrial design as it relates to human psychology and ease of use. It attempts to explain why certain everyday objects are intuitive to use while others are a constant struggle. This book literally changed the way that I see and interact with the physical world around me.



A second major book that influences my thinking is [Don't Make Me Think! A Common Sense Approach to Web Usability][] by Steve Krug. This book gave me the same appreciation for design in the digital realm as The Design of Everyday Things gave me for the physical.

I am most interested in design as it relates to usability, human factors, and engineering and that is what I plan to focus on. If you follow this blog you can expect to find pictures, animations, and essays about design.

I hope you'll join me.

[The Design of Everyday Things]:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0465050654/ref=pd_lpo_sbs_dp_ss_1?pf_rd_p=1944687682&pf_rd_s=lpo-top-stripe-1&pf_rd_t=201&pf_rd_i=1452654123&pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER&pf_rd_r=0ARBB32H6CD5F0V16KF7
[Don't Make Me Think! A Common Sense Approach to Web Usability]:http://www.amazon.com/Think-Common-Sense-Approach-Usability/dp/0789723107